From:	Richelle & Sam <sarber@bigpond.net.au>
Sent:	שבת 01 נובמבר 2003 12:16
To:	Oren Shmuel
Subject:	Fw: workshop in Perth

 
Richelle 
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Sara Friedman 
To: Richelle & Sam 
Sent: Monday, August 11, 2008 9:19 PM
Subject: Re: workshop in Perth

thank you ,Richelle, good to hear from you. I am better and started teaching again,  I will change 
the the dates in the Israeli Dance website, I will try and do it in the next few days,
 I 've heard about Oren Shmuel and saw him in few videos. He is lovely. I also heard about his 
new dance, Kesem Halili but I don't know the dance,  I would love to have him here but I have to 
take it to our committee and they have to decide, since we are such a small group I doubt that the 
committee will approve it but I will try and email you as soon as I can.  If you send me some flyers 
some of our people might like to come to Melbourne for your workshop, My address is; Sara 
Friedman  4/7 Norman Street Fremantle 6160 W.A. Ph 93352042,   Thanks Richelle and keep 
intouch Shalom SAra
----- Original Message ----- 
From: Richelle & Sam 
To: Sara Friedman 
Sent: Sunday, August 10, 2003 2:48 PM
Subject: Yaron Meishar workshop in Perth

Hi Sara
How are you? Heard you had hurt your knee. Hope it is better now. 
I just noticed on the Israeli dancing website that although you have changed the 
date of Yaron Meishar's workshop at the top to the 22/23rd May 2004, it hasn't 
been changed underneath - it still says 29th - 30th May. I wanted to put our 
details regarding this event in as well, but until you change your dates, it would 
be much too confusing!!!
We have also had to change out plans for our workshop later this year. We were 
supposed to have Avi Perez for Nov 1 -2, but he had to cancel (he is Mayor of 
Yavneh and is much too busy to come at that time)So we have now got a lovely 
young choreographer (33 yrs old) called Oren Shmuel who I met in Israel when I 
was at the Teacher's course. He really impressed me with his good nature.. His 
latest circle dance "Kesem Halili" has taken Israel by storm - it was voted the 
most popular dance at Karmiel. Our classes love it. Music was inspired by after 
the death of Prime Minister Rabin - represents love, peace, war, his strength and 
obstinancy. Do you know it? It is just instrumental -( a flute ) It is not a difficult 
dance and when you know it, you feel you are flying when you dance it - very 
uplifting to the soul in my opinion. Highly recommended if you don't already do it. 
It has been taught all around the world at dance camps too.
I hope some of your dancers might consider coming over for the workshop which 
will be held in Melbourne. I could even try to arrange for 1 or 2 to be billeted 
overnight if necessary. I know how expensive the airfare is!!
I wonder if your group might be interested in having Oren for a workshop too? (I 
haven't checked with him whether he would like to at this stage....just my own 
thoughts. Could you think about it and let me know. 
Best regards
Richelle 
